Name: noa moalem
ID: 208533554
CS-USER: noamoa

SpreaderDetectorBackend
-----------------------------
Please explain how you dealt with the following parts of the exam.

Input processing
----------------
In the input processing i decided to first read the people file, from every line in the file,
i created a Person object which is a struct with the fields: name, id, age, and corona factor.
I chose to save all the people objects in a dynamic array and when the array is full, the program
double the size of the array, to avoid many realloc calls.
For the meetings file, i used similar line, which is reading each line to get the information i
needed, in order to avoid using large memory i didn’t save the information from this file, so after
reading each line i calculated the corona factor of the relevant person and update the matching
field (it works because the file build like a tree).


Data storing
------------
For the people information i used a dynamic Person array, that is basically the only data i saved
in my program, because i calculated the corona factor of each person while reading the file, and
after that i didn't need the information from the meetings file anymore.


Results sorting
---------------
I chose to sort the information that i saved twice.
While working on the program i've found out that whats going to determine the running time would
be calculating the corona factor of each person according to the given tree, and assuming that n is
the number of the given people, i will be needed to search O(n) persons in the array i built to
update their corona factor and each search will take O(n), so i wanted to think of a way to make the
running time smaller then O(n^2).

This is the reason i sort the information that i saved twice.
first, after creating the persons array, i sort the array be ascending id number using quick sort
and compare function that i implement.
To be able to find each person i need according to a given id, i implement binary search that works
in O(log(n)).
Overall i got running time O(n*log(n)) - going over O(n) people, preforming binary search and
calculating the corona factor.
After all that, i was needed to sort the people according to their corona factor in order to create
the required output file. I used quick sort and compare function that i implement, that sort the
people in descending corona factor, then i went over the sorted array, comparing the corona factor
of each person with the relevant parameters and print the matching message to the output file.
